but the rice fashion ship welcome in this
live sports
today we talk about in the most fashionable
interesting for this they were made of
minecraft or the macrì chers this
mode as you see adds several
animals and monsters that in minecraft
normally we are not present we have
monsters that can be snakes
or more elaborate things like ad
example dragons or in this case i
white hands
I think they are monsters that are present
from the last minecraft version or
the one we are talking about is e
in addition to this the mode also adds a
world similar to the end characterized
right from these monsters that is
populated by these monsters and a lot
colored I will show you immediately for
enter this world we must create
the port to the fabric because it carries s
we need a blizzard that
you can find by killing the blades or
we need is the only one we say
this is hinted at the unicorns and
this instead is too much accessing jenner
doctors the eye of the en and then there
we put in this position
and so we understand the staff portal here
women's sports staff once
we kraft atoll we have to indicate
on the ground we click the right button e
we wait for the upload because it must
download our world downloaded the
world we are here then at the beginning
you will find yourself a little laggy even when
insert the bike as you saw the
video because it is a very elaborate fashion
however look here to find different ones
show as always snakes you find
also in the world we say in the world
normal minecraft of course with the
fashions then find the teams waiver of
different color then find all animals
the types this world is similar to the world
normal but the only difference is that the
floating island or this flies then
below you can find us too
minerals
9 rocks and so on as an example here
you can find some different e
anything
then add these trees that they are
very large these example with using it
timmer fashions really do the massacres
because you look at them are really a lot
beautiful and nothing the world besides this
adds reaches nothing and nothing there
hate defined we see each other
video I hope you enjoyed this
fashions in my opinion we say he always has me
amazed I will continue to amaze because
always add more elaborate monsters and
the more fun these really are
very nice is that they look like dragons in
miniature and then we'll see you at
next video of course to return
back
we take leads to the soft and return to
home and then of course also find the
eggs that allow it to be spurred on
this way and that's it
and I hate you defined we'll see you at
next video the effect and then I say
still subscribe to the channel for
be updated on fashions
put me like to support me
however make me understand that he lives liked
as always entered some doubt in it
you understand something or nothing if
you want to tell me something or advice
which always gives you the one to advise me
fashions
since it is always enough for me
advice and we gave us the next video
well